I'm gonna go ahead and
add state for my buttons.
So, the first thing I need to
do is go back into my theme.
So themes js.
And I need to add a couple of
different additional variables.
So, I need to say what my
disabled background color and
my disabled text color
are going to look like.
So I'm gonna add disabled neutral [400].
And text on disabled is
gonna be neutral [300].
Now, Bryan asked a really
good question on the break.
And he said, are you gonna be,
just putting this all top level,
or are you gonna be nesting some of them?
That's a great question,
these are gonna be top level.
But you'll see once we get to status,
that we're actually in a nest
those inside of a status object.
So, you can definitely
break these up by textile,
by font, by color, things like that.
So feel free to do that.
Okay, so I have two different values
that I've just added for the disabled.
And I'm gonna add these
to my button component.
So on focus.
I'm going to add an outline of
three pixels solid, default theme,
primary color hover.
Gosh.
Those are confusing.
And I'm also going to give this an offset.
So, if you look at my design here, you'll
notice that I have this space
between my button and the outline.
So, I want that offset.
I want it by 3 pixels.
Offset 3 pixels.
2 pixels, I'm sorry, 2 pixels.
For active,
mine just got a shade darker, I believe.
So active, I'm gonna set background color.
I'm gonna set this to
defaultTheme.primaryActiveColor.
Primary color,
that's really gonna confuse me.
Let me quickly go back to themes,
primaryColorActive, primaryColorActive.
In my notes, I said primaryHoverColor.
I'm gonna change these so
they match my note.
So, primaryHoverColor.
Otherwise we're gonna get mixed up.
PrimaryActiveColor.
I obviously have to change those.
PrimaryHoverColor.
PrimaryActiveColor, that should be good.
If something breaks, we'll fix it, okay?
So I'm setting my background color.
I'm gonna set a border-color
as well to primaryActiveColor.
ActiveColor.
And then I'm just going to
set the color of the text.
DefaultTheme.textColorOnPrimary.
Now, if you notice my disabled states,
I mentioned this before
the break that minor different.
So, in order to do that, I can't just
set that on the base button component.
I need to actually go in and
style the individual buttons.
So disabled On my primary,
it's gonna be a background-color.
So background-color.
And we're gonna use my new disabled
color I just added to my theme.
DefaultTheme.textOnDisabled.
And then,
I am gonna set cursor to not-allowed.
So, if I hover over this,
it's gonna tell me no, you can't do that.
I'm gonna copy this into
my secondary button.
So, on my secondary button,
my color is not gonna be textOnDisabled
because it's just sitting
on this background here.
So there's no background color.
So this is just gonna be disabled.
We're not gonna have a background color.
So I'm gonna explicitly set that to none.
And then we will leave
the cursor not-allowed.
Let me just throw this once more
on our Tertiarybutton here.
Again, no background color.
The color is gonna be disabled and
cursor not-allowed.
And if I test this,
let's go back to index.js.
I'm just gonna highlight here.
I'm gonna press, what is it, command?
No, option click.
If you press option and click,
you can have multiple cursors.
I'm gonna do that and
I'm just gonna write disabled.
So, when I come back here ideally,
that should work as expected.
The one thing I did
forget is the border on
the Secondarybutton
needs a disabled color.
So let me set that.
So border-color do defaultTheme.disabled.
So, now this is gray and
it shouldn't be allowed.
Our hovers are still being applied.
So, what happened here is, in here
I'm seeing background color of none.
And actually, we just don't want
any background on disabled.
We don't want that to have any
background on hover or focus, okay?
That was the difference.